Added Intros for REST API Pages (#8371)
github/docs: content/rest/reference/git.md

---
title: Git database

> intro: 'The Git Database API enables the Git objects to read and write to Git databases on {% data variables.product.product_name %} and allows you to list and update the Git references.'

Reviewer: I think this is more accurate:
```suggestion
intro: 'The Git Database API enables you to read and write raw Git objects to your Git database on {% data variables.product.product_name %} and to list and update Git references (branch heads and tags).'
```
